now that you should have the key what
you need to do is head into the room to
the east and climb up the ladder which
as you can see is just here you then
want to try and pick up one of the
Phoenix crossbows and the person that's
garden degrom will stop you the weapons
master kill him his only level 23 and
once he's dead pick up the two crossbows
once you have the two crossbows in
inventory return to Katrina in the back
arm hideout
so once at the black arm hideout talk to
Catrin and she will accept that you
proved your loyalty and grant you access
to the other areas the hideout so once
you've done that head through the door
to the north and then climb stairs
now once here you need head sort of out
directly south of the stairs and there
is a cupboard open the cupboard and
search it after right clicking search it
because of what you just shut it and you
will receive half of the shield of error
of so once you've done this we now need
to head to Barrett castle which as most
we know will be to the north of the
barrel town square you're looking to go
to the southeast section of the castle
and speak to King rolled basically it's
to claim the reward for the half of the
arrows shield however he will not give
you the reward for the hour of shield
without getting it authenticated first
so once you've spoken to him he would
tell you just to talk to the museum
curator Hague Helen and he is located in
the museum to the east well to the
southeast actually so you need to follow
the path to the east and then when you
get to the crossroads head self a bit
and that should take you to the museum
head head into the museum and use the
half of the hour of shield on the
Creator hate Helen and he will give you
two halves of a certificate your player
will automatically ask for two copies
and basically because it's only half a
shield he'll only give you half a
certificate so what you need to do is
get the other half certificate from the
Phoenix gang member
so once they basically finished a
question you've got your stiff achatz
they've got their certificates trade
them and trade one of your certificates
cross for one of their halves because
you've got because you've done two
different gang versions of this quest
you've got two different sections of the
half the shield of arab and basically
two different certificates pieces so
what you want to do is use the two
halves together and that will create the
false certificate and then once you have
this return to King rolled and this will
basically complete the quest and that's
a bit confusing and hopefully that made
more sense in it sounded but it's
difficult to explain about her looking
at the Phoenix guide which I've also got
my website
thanks for watching my guide for
additional quest guides and also money
making methods please visit my website
at wwwbootysha skoda at UK and also if
you have any questions regarding this
guide you can contact me from that
website